STEP 1
BACKUP EVERYTHING
Database, WWW folder files, ext.
I take no responsibility for this guide, use at your own risk.
I provide it for the benefit of the community and to give some ideas how to do this.
You will need PHP, LDAP, and SQL skills to complete this guide.
This guide assumes that you have a working ICTFax server and a working Active Directory LDAP server
I used phpMyAdmin to explore and confirm SQL tables, you should have a SQL tool configured that you are comfortable with.
This will seriously alter the existing ICTFax environment and functionality
It will require rebuilding the ictfax_did table by hand
This will completely replace the table ictfax_users, and may require rebuilding the ictfax indexes used through out the ictfax tables.
I recommend starting from scratch.
Notably this solution disables the billing and usage tracking features of ICTFax as they usually don't make sense in an LDAP environment.

Setup and install the Drupal 7 LDAP plugins.

Ensure LDAP Servers, LDAP Authentication, LDAP User Module and LDAP Query (For testing) are enable and configured.
LDAP configuration is beyond the scope of this guide please consult the Drupal documentation regarding configuring LDAP for user authentication.
Configure and test your ldap server.

Using the LDAP Query module you should be able to return a list of your users with the following settings:
Base DNs to search in the query: environment specific
Filter: (objectClass=user)
Attributes to return: samaccountname,cn,sn,c,l,st,title,postalcode,physicaldeliveryofficename,telephonenumber,facsimiletelephonenumber,mail,mobile,company,wwwhomepage,givenname,streetaddress

Under LDAP Configuration go to 3. USER
Set "Reject manual creation of Drupal accounts that conflict with LDAP Accounts. This only applies to accounts created on user logon; Account conflicts can still be generated by manually creating users that conflict with ldap users and these users will have their data synched with LDAP data"
Set the LDAP User Module option "LDAP Servers Providing Provisioning Data"
Select your server.

Under "Drupal Account Provisioning Events "
Select "Create or Synch to Drupal user on successful authentication with LDAP credentials. (Requires LDAP Authentication module)."
Select "Create or Synch to Drupal user anytime a Drupal user account is created or updated. Requires a server with binding method of "Service Account Bind" or "Anonymous Bind".

Under "Existing Drupal User Acccount Conflict"
Select "Associate Drupal account with the LDAP entry. This option is useful for creating accounts and assigning roles before an LDAP user authenticates"

Under "Application of Drupal Account settings to LDAP Authenticated Users"
Select "Account creation settings at /admin/config/people/accounts/settings do not affect "LDAP Associated" Drupal accounts. "

Under "Action to perform on Drupal account that no longer have a corresponding LDAP entry"
Select "Perform no action, but email list of orphaned accounts. (All the other options will send email summaries also.) "

Under "Provisioning from LDAP to Drupal Mappings:"
Keep this area in mind we will visit it later.

Under Configuration -> People -> Account Settings -> Manage Fields
Add the following Fields as Text Fields with the Text Field Widget
LABEL, NAME
Given Name, field_givenname
Surname, field_sn
Common Name, field_cn
Locality, field_l
State, field_st
Title, field_title
Postal Code, field_postalcode
Office, field_physicaldeliveryofficename
Street Address, field_streetaddress
Telephone Number, field_telephonenumber
Fax, field_facsimiletelephonenumber
Mobile Number, field_mobile
Mail, field_mail
Company, field_company
Website, field_wwwhomepage
Country, field_c

Return to the LDAP Users module
Configure the following attributes, the check box "On Drupal User Creation" and "On Synch to Drupal User" should both be selected for every attribute we add, "Convert From Binary" should not be used.
Do not include the comma in any of the attributes
Source LDAP Token, Target Drupal Attribute
[cn], "Field: Common Name"
[sn], "Field: Surname"
[c], "Field: Country"
[l], "Field: Locality"
[st], "Field: State"
[title], "Field: Title"
[postalcode], "Field: Postal Code"
[physicaldeliveryofficename], "Field: Office"
[telephonenumber], "Field: Telephone Number"
[facsimiletelephonenumber], "Field: Fax"
[givenname], "Field: Given Name"
[company], "Field: Company"
[mail], "Field: Mail"
[streetaddress], "Field: Street Address"
[mobile], "Field: Mobile Number"
[wwwhomepage], "Field Website"

Alter the following lines:

Change @anon.fax to be your fax domain
./sites/all/modules/ictpbx/ictfax/ictfax.module:1501:    $from_email     = $fax['send_from'] . '@anon.fax';
Change anon@yourorg.com to be the user for sending anonymous faxes, this user must be setup in drupal with the same email
./sites/all/modules/feeds/plugins/FeedsFaxProcessor.inc:111:       $result = db_query($query, array(':mail'=>'anon@yourorg.com'));
Alter the attached files
A user account with this email address must be configured.
See post http://forum.ictfax.org/viewtopic.php?f=6&t=2492

Set your EXTRA_FS_VARS in the plivo default.conf file to below
EXTRA_FS_VARS = variable_user_context,Channel-Read-Codec-Bit-Rate,variable_fax_result_code,fax_result_code,variable_fax_success,variable_fax_result_text

If you already have ICTFax setup you will have to remove all the ICTFax modules from Drupal and Reinstall them.
This step will wipe out the following tables, please have a handy backup to restore the tables from:
fax_inbox
fax_outbox
ictpbx_did
ictpbx_trunk
ictpbx_gateway
ictpbx_service
ictpbx_technology
ictpbx_user

Go into Drupal and disable all the ICTFax modules
Under the Modules Page go to Uninstall
Remove all the ICTFax modules

Reinstall the modules in Drupal
Restore the tables above.
rename or remove ictfax_users

Run the SQL Queries from LDAP_ICTFAX.sql

Manually fix the ictpbx_did table
the ictpbx_did_id column will have different IDs from what is in ictpbx_users.
Manually verify all the IDs against ictpbx_users and fix them in ictpbx_did.

Manually verify you can send and receive faxes.
Manually verify you can alter user profiles from within Drupal using the custom fields, and verify that duplicate fields from the ICTFax user module are not present.

Add a new Content type: Company

Setup the fields as below, the Machine Name must match what is below:
Label	Machine name	Field type	Widget	Operations

Fax Template Title	title	Node module element		
Company Name	field_company_name	Text	Text field
Company Logo	field_company_logo	Image	Image
Telephone	field_company_phone_number	Text	Text field
Toll Free	field_company_toll_free	Text	Text field
Cellphone	field_company_cellphone	Text	Text field
Default Fax	field_default_fax	Text	Text field
Toll Free Fax	field_toll_free_fax	Text	Text field
Company Email	field_company_email	Email	Text field
Company Website	field_company_website	Text	Text field
Default Office	field_default_office	Text	Text field
Default Address	field_default_address	Text	Text field
Default City	field_default_city	Text	Text field
Default State	field_default_state	Text	Text field
Default Country	field_default_country	Text	Text field
Default Postal Code	field_default_postal_code	Text	Text field

You can use the Views module to create a Jump Menu for each company and add it to the right sidebar.

Add a Image Style called Logo and set it for 500x160, set the Company Logo to use that Image style

Enjoy the pleasures of LDAP integration.

